docs: fix broken links #4947 (#5709)
aquasecurity/trivy: docs/community/contribute/discussion.md

### GitLab Advisory Database
Visit [here](https://advisories.gitlab.com/) and search CVE-ID.

> <!-- Please note that the link to [Create an issue to GitLab Advisory Database](https://gitlab.com/gitlab-org/security-products/gemnasium-db/-/issues/new) requires login. -->
> If you find a problem, it'll be nice to fix it: [Create an issue to GitLab Advisory Database](https://gitlab.com/gitlab-org/security-products/gemnasium-db/-/issues/new)

Reviewer: Instead of commenting it out (users can't see this) we can do something like the following:

```suggestion
If you find a problem, it'll be nice to fix it: [Create an issue to GitLab Advisory Database](https://gitlab.com/gitlab-org/security-products/gemnasium-db/-/issues/new). Please note this requires a GitLab account.
```
